Add new Github issue templates (#2195)
influxdata/docs-v2: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Report an issue with the InfluxData documentation.
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

_Describe the issue here._

> ##### Relevant URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Add relevant URLs
```

Author: This is a heading that renders after the issue is created. It would seem odd to have "Add relevant URLs" in all our our newly created issues.

- _Provide relevant URLs (the doc page in question, project issues, community threads, etc.)_

<!--

> For InfluxDB 2.0 documentation issues, create an issue in this repository. For project issues (bugs, unexpected behavior, etc.), create an issue in the appropriate project repository:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For InfluxDB 2.0 documentation issues, create an issue in this repository. For software issues (bugs, unexpected behavior, etc.) in specific projects, create an issue in the appropriate repository:
```

> - InfluxDB issues at https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb

Reviewer: Maybe a note about reporting Cloud specific (1.x and 2.0?), and InfluxDB Enterprise issues?

Author: InfluxDB 1.x and 2.0 are generated from the same repo, just different branches. Cloud and Enterprise are closed source. The repos are private.

Reviewer: Yes, my thought was given that we do document Cloud 2.0 and 1.x Enterprise in the docs-v2 repo, we should let folks know how to report issues for those products to Support team.
